# Entry 6
##### 5/29/24

### Takeaways from expo elevator pitch
It was time to present in the cafeteria. After we are done creating our MVP and our beyond MVP, we had ewnt for an expo fair presentation. For the expo fair, this is the shorter version of our whole presentation, and the whole process was around 2 minutes. 

We started off with our [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13nAkl3cmet4if7_nf5XDTuvOgY8a4ScrjTcHTHKiVOs/edit?usp=sharing), that we drafted in google docs. In this elevator pitch, we needed a speech that was 1 to a minute and a half minutes. My partner, Angela and I had divided the work up. So for Angela's work, she did the greeting, what the project is about, the purpose of the project, and how to use the project. Since this year, me and Angela has different types of tools, we separated our speech more by explaining how we used our tool for our project. I explained how to use our game sucha s how "Our game functions by using the AWSD keys to interact with the sprite and navigate through the map." To add on, we also explained the concepts and inspiration such as how we have drawn our sprites based on our SEP class and the concept. To help the interactions between the web pages more easily to nagivate, we imported a button that can benefit the user. Finally, I explained about our next steps by adding chats and more features in the game such as animation when attacking, to help connect the users no matter where we are around the world. To make sure that our presentations was in the time limit, we had to deleted some lines, and made sure that it made sense and the same time, explained our basic process of the project so then we can also leave some time for the judges to ask questions prior to our project. Since we were in closer to the beginning of our project, it was very scary and nervous, especially that when we are done with our words, we needed to answer questions from judges, and I believe this was the hardest because we also need to consider our game in the practibility and usability more and how it benefit the world around us and I think this is where we messed up on.  

### In class presentations
Well, this year in APCSA was one of my best presentations that I have made throughout my four years in high school. This is slightly different than what we do in the expo. In our in class presentation, we had to make sure that for our presentation, we had to make sure that it was in between the time range of 3 to 10 minutes. My partner and I created the slides together. In total, we made 19 sildes. In this presentation, this is where I closely explain our process such as intro, hook, demo, timeline, tools, mockups/planning, MVP, beyond MVP, challenges, and takeaways. So for our hook, we simply wanted a hook that can grab the attention of our audience, so we decided to choose a game and inside the map, we had different sizes of Mr. Mueller for our map and asked for classmates to find how many Mr. Mueller's there are. We then have Angela for the demo that explains the process of our game. I tried screen recording, 
 but because of DOE restrictions, we weren't able to accomplish that, instead, we did a live demo. Then, we introduced the tools that we used and how we have used these tools in our project. Moreover, learning our tool to start building our MVP, we started off with our sprites on paper and then transferred it to our digital version, and then upload it to our game. Inside our game, we choose to make the RPG battle, instructions page, making the players move and creating all the sprites and the maps. Regarding to Beyond MVP, I have explained how I added `styles.css` into my webpage, and Angela explained how her sprites have change after winning a game. In addition, we each then explained our challenges, and lastly, our takeaways, and THANK YOU!! Overall, we have improved a lot over the years, and in my further presentations, I would want to be more confident, especially when I am out of high school, it is a whole new community, with a whole new group of people. 

### Skills
In my final year of SEP, I have gained skills in not to coding but other skills as well. Some skills that mainly improved a lot for me throughout this process would be Embracing failure and collaboration. First, embracing failure because in the field of coding, soemthing that we can't escape from is error messages that can drive us crazy, but the main point is to maintain a positive mindset to help us fix the errors and continuing our process. In our IDE, we can find a lot of error messages that can impact us programmers to not view our code. But most importantly, we need to fix the issue, and by that, we used `console.log()` and using inspect to help us solve our issue. To add on, another skill that I manage to sccomplish is collaboration because wr are currently as a partnership and this can impact our working time becasue we had to make sure that every one of us needs to have time to work on the project together, and having the communication so that we will not encounter our merge conflict. Not only this, but also the communication in between our planning, separating our work, mockups, and providing backups for every step in our process. 

### EDP
We have accomplished Step 6 of the Engineering Design Process (EDP) that is to Test and Evaluate the Prototype and Step 7 of the EDP. Currently, I am in the last step, step 8, which is Communicating the Results. In this part of the EDP, we were to use our project and prepare for presentations in class, and also in the expo for classmates and the judges that evaluates our project based on four components, the practibility, originality, creatviity, and content. This year in APCSA, we can create any prototypes  that we want and that this years we chose to make our game more interactive and fun that had helped us and others to maintain entertainment, and to help us learners understand the process of making a game, and learning the process/ and meaning behind it.

 * [Elevator Pitch]((https://docs.google.com/document/d/13nAkl3cmet4if7_nf5XDTuvOgY8a4ScrjTcHTHKiVOs/edit?usp=sharing))
 * [In-class presentations](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bWoBVTljULZRjypllHZgcgjU5t5yvtg8WGTndqvGTg4/edit?usp=sharing)

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
